Add hint on removing SUSE products (#2297)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_importing-suse-products.adoc

[id="Importing_SUSE_Products_{context}"]
= Importing SUSE Products

> You can use this procedure to import producs from SUSE into {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this procedure to import products from SUSE into {Project}.
```

Author: Applied.

.Prerequisite
* You have added your SCC account to {Project}.
For more information, see xref:Adding_an_SCC_Account_to_Server_{context}[].

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content > SUSE Subscriptions*.
. Click *Select products* on your previously synchronized SCC account.

> . Use the *Select Product*, *Select Version*, and *Select Architecture* drop down menus to filter all available SUSE products.

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning that the version depends on the project and the architecture depends on the version?

Author: Good point, I've added a suggestion to describe this.

. Click *Search* to apply the filter.
. Select all SUSE products you want to synchronize to {Project}.

> By default, _debug_ and _source_ repositories are excluded.

Reviewer: Then you should mention that they can be re-added by selecting the corresponding checkbox.

Author: Added.

> . Click *Add product(s)* to create the selected SUSE products in {Project}.

Reviewer: I think it is worth mentioning that the page is not automatically reloaded once the products are imported in Katello. The page needs to be reloaded manually.

Author: I believe this is acceptable because the procedures is finished/ could continue if the user wants to follow the task. To add another product, they'd have to "restart" the whole procedure.

[id="Importing_SUSE_Products_{context}"]
= Importing SUSE Products

You can use this procedure to import products from SUSE into {Project}.

.Prerequisite
* You have added your SCC account to {Project}.
For more information, see xref:Adding_an_SCC_Account_to_Server_{context}[].

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content > SUSE Subscriptions*.
. Click *Select products* on your previously synchronized SCC account.
. Use the *Select Product*, *Select Version*, and *Select Architecture* drop down menus to filter all available SUSE products.
+
Note that each filter depends on the previous selection.
. Click *Search* to apply the filter.

> . Select all SUSE products you want to synchronize to {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select all SUSE products you want to synchronize to {Project}.
Note that you can also select individual repositories by using the *Filter repositories* drop down menu.

```

Author: Reworded and applied.

By default, _debug_ and _source_ repositories are excluded.

> If you want to synchronize _debug_ and _source_ repositories, you can select them using the *Filter repositories* drop down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to synchronize _debug_ and _source_ repositories for all products, you can activate the *Include Debug and Source Pool repositories* switch.
```

Author: Not applied but reworded.

[id="Importing_SUSE_Products_{context}"]
= Importing SUSE Products

> You can use this procedure to import products from SUSE into {Project}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to import products from SUSE into {Project}.
```

Author: Applied.

.Prerequisite
* You have added your SCC account to {Project}.
For more information, see xref:Adding_an_SCC_Account_to_Server_{context}[].

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content > SUSE Subscriptions*.
. Click *Select products* on your previously synchronized SCC account.

> . Use the *Select Product*, *Select Version*, and *Select Architecture* drop down menus to filter all available SUSE products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Use the *Select Product*, *Select Version*, and *Select Architecture* lists to filter all available SUSE products.
```

Author: Applied.

+
Note that each filter depends on the previous selection.
. Click *Search* to apply the filter.
. Select all SUSE products you want to synchronize to {Project}.
+

> You can select individual repositories by using the *Filter repositories* drop down menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can select individual repositories by selecting them from the *Filter repositories* list.
```

Author: Applied.
